okay what if we get the person who
created the like button for Facebook to
like our page on Facebook let's try the
like button on Facebook is used five
billion times every single day in 2009
Jared Morgenstern was one of the
creators of the like button at Facebook
and today he kind of feels bad about and
then I launched the like button
mankind's greatest gift to doing things
for other people a little overdramatic
but at the time that's how I felt so we
had three goals for the day first we
wanted to meet him in person and
introduce him to the vision behind
Generation Y not they want to get the
like on our Facebook page from the
designer of the button himself and
finally take him out of his comfort zone
but first we had to find a way to get to
him
we started a quest by emailing every
single person we knew in San Francisco
but we were not off to a very productive
start China's time makeup tutorials but
they don't really want to tell us return
to work here but what are you doing dude
well so my hair looks terrible like try
to get the worst angle possible but any
angles is bad really
a few days later we got his email so we
had to craft the perfect message that's
the best way to like get him up you're
very energy interesting to see his
perspective on how it's affected our
culture and our generation and on the
third day we got a response
the day of in San Francisco ten minutes
before our meeting we still did not have
a plan for how we could get him out of
his comfort zone and there's always in
important situations Omar and I are
always on time oh you know yes Simon
sighs ever happens I've made it we had
no other choice than to wing it and see
where the meeting takes us he's one of
was one of the first three designers I
think to get hired but at first you had
to join Facebook got to his house and
even though we usually improvise this
time we were a little nervous so we
started off by telling him about our
mission we have our YouTube channel :
generation why not did I watched in the
main original video I met these guys and
we made a list of 30 things we've never
done before
Jared worked closely with Mark
Zuckerberg at Facebook and had some
insider stories to share Zach was over
here I was over here this is like three
people three people three people three
people through people through people
leaving these pods and this pod was
called Siberia because it was so far
away look mark that it would be hard to
influence him and then there was a there
was a decision and he looked at me like
would you rather like just be a college
sight or like you know be relevant to
everyone but he said it in the mark way
which is like I knew the answer
it was like we'd rather risk everything
gonna be nothing or do this but I think
he had that passion and like competitive
edge whom that like told us to success
in all these areas and most of my career
Facebook was an e-commerce hmm and then
like button was just a side project we
didn't know huge I started thinking I
gotta like what there's horrible for the
world but I don't think it's horrible
for the world someone reaches out to you
even in the lightweight spectrum of like
it's still like someone reaching up to
you and like I'm thinking about you
enough to do this and I think when it
gets bad is when you feel like that can
replace your real name
and he finally introduced us to his new
app chime which aims to bring back
intimacy into the way we chat by
redesigning face-to-face conversations
an app we use every day now I'm snap
sure you have to worry about your bar
right you're still this is cool enough
yeah I'm gonna get 72 watches and then
obtained over time right kind of we
believe that the best way to interact is
like this mm-hmm
in person okay but it's it's the hardest
to schedule mm-hmm it was archery guys'
yeah it was no time for a next objective
get him out of his comfort zone we're
trying to find a way to get you out of
your comfort zone yeah maybe we can go
out to people and talk about time and
like there's a lot of people out in the
park have you had to give out a mana to
give out posters the other day like he
made like 40 bucks just giving out
posters and the amount of times you get
ignored is just bad or if you don't know
to move it but let's do that I have some
thicker so that's do it I'm going to
middle oh my god is this a you guys guys
this guy's super cooling spilling zone
start on full time and it's a really
good app in the grid
shine video messaging out iOS app lets
you share videos with the people that
you care about and the beginning was
pretty awkward so I don't have so my
sitter between this is like the
Instagram direct I don't really video
things maybe I heard a baby I think
we're good here hi guys sure go okay
we're gonna go quick faster so
interesting how being a little bit
anonymous can make you into like it yeah
but at the end after your vibes about
sharing videos with the people you care
about
I got complimented on my approach
checkout out of the app I'm working on
it's called charm it is are you keeping
the customer pranks were abroad or
family
I am out of my comfort zone yeah I'm
smiling but that was fun this stuff is
fun I think you guys your what your what
your convincing the world by showing
them is like is exciting it's like when
you when you used to like remember first
time I don't remember this but I imagine
the first time someone gives you a
basketball to play and you're like you
just try and now if someone like asked
me to try a new sport I have that fear
of failure you know and like sometime
along the way that excited energy of
trying new things becomes like forgotten
mm-hmm
I like that failure again I was telling
what you guys are doing it so it's
pretty neat to try to transform that
feeling of anxiety into one of like
happiness or excitement and we still
have to cross off our last goal get his
like on our Facebook page we have a song
that we use every time with like
celebrate so what happened right now
t-shirt over your head feels great to
give a positive reinforcement that likes
it low but you know this is this is a
little bit better we learned two things
today first of all no matter who you are
when you put yourself out there you have
to expect that people will always find a
reason to dislike tournament
second is don't measure your happiness
through likes and don't do things only
for the Instagram pictures see you on
Thursday
epic I don't know but it's also like
turning is
Oh since I saw you I went down to Doris
Martin every day I spent three hours